adding endpoints (#684)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-fabric: modules/ROOT/pages/manage-proxy.adoc

= Managing Proxies on Runtime Fabric on VMs / Bare Metal

Anypoint Runtime Fabric clusters consistently communicate with the Anypoint Platform control plane and image repositories. Applications that are deployed in the cluster can also communicate with external endpoints.

You can configure the proxy settings used by Runtime Fabric outbound connections to the internet. This includes both HTTP proxies for connecting to the Anypoint Platform control plane and SOCKS5 proxies for sending metrics and logs to Anypoint Monitoring. You can also configure proxies for applications.

> * xref:configure-an-anypoint-monitoring-proxy[Configure an Anypoint Monitoring Proxy]

Author: @PabloCamino added the list here as requested

+
The output should match the value expected.

== Configure an HTTP Proxy for Services in Runtime Fabric

> You can configure HTTP and HTTPS proxies for outbound components can communicate with the control plane. 

Reviewer: this needs to be updated so that the sentence works -- either "so that outbound components can" or "components to communicate"

> You can configure HTTP and HTTPS proxies for outbound components can communicate with the control plane. 

Author: ```suggestion
You can configure HTTP and HTTPS proxies so that outbound components can communicate with the control plane. 
```

-----

=== Configure a Proxy for the API Manager Agent

> To configure a proxy for the API Manager Agent, add the following properties to the application:

Author: @PabloCamino I'm not sure this sentence makes sense. "...add the following properties to the application." Which application?

Reviewer 2: We should add this clarification:
«Mule applications that are managed on API Manager can use a proxy for that communication. This proxy configuration is specific to each Mule application, even if you are using the same for all of them. Also this setting is independent from the application level proxy that application uses to communicate with external endpoints other than API Manager.»
And then the current text.

This is kind of a shortcoming, based on the current documents. The proxy between app <-> API manager needs to be set on each application deployed, there is no global setting. And is not the same as the other application level proxy used between app <-> elsewhere.
